backport(docs): add description to provider index page (#280)
coder/terraform-provider-coder: docs/index.md

page_title: "Coder Provider"
subcategory: "Infrastructure"
description: |-

>     Terraform provider for managing Coder templates, which are the underlying infrastructure for Coder workspaces.

Reviewer: Managing templates still may be a bit confusing as the coderd provider does too. Maybe we say something about "workspace internals"

Author: What if we call it `defining templates`?
```suggestion
    Terraform provider for defining/building Coder templates, which are the underlying infrastructure for Coder workspaces.
```

Reviewer 2: Let's backport this change first and iterate on the exact wording later.

---

# Coder Provider

> Terraform provider for managing Coder [templates](https://coder.com/docs/templates), which are the underlying infrastructure for Coder [workspaces](https://coder.com/docs/workspaces).

Author: ```suggestion
Terraform provider for defining Coder [templates](https://coder.com/docs/templates), which are the underlying infrastructure for Coder [workspaces](https://coder.com/docs/workspaces).
```
